# Esp32-Neopixel-Show
A light show repo for Esp32 and a 16 LED Ring Neopixel

This repo is for people who have an ESP32 and a 16 or 16+ ring Neopixel. If you are onto electronics and coding, this repo is for you. How can you use this repo? Well, this repo has an Arduino IDE .ino file. First, you gotta know what you are onto, (If you make a mistake by bricking your Esp32 or short your neopixel, it's all YOUR fault and your responsibility) and then you should have an ESP32 board which is just 10 bucks or less, then you should have a 16 or 16+ ring neopixel, also you gotta know how to solder because neopixels doesnt have any header or a jumper cable spot (I reccomend ribbon jumper cables), solder your Neopixels 5V, GND and DI pins. And then, connect 5V to your Esp32's VIN, 5V or 3V3 pin, connect GND to GND, and DI to any GPIO (aka P) pins. In order to code your ESP32, you gotta have a Micro USB for data and power if you have a power-only cable, else you can't code your Esp32. And then install the .ino file from here, install Arduino IDE v2 or any version you want, and go to Library Manager on Arduino IDE, and install AdaFruit NeoPixel (not NeoMatrix) and compile the code (optional) and then flash it to the ESP32, if it works congratulations! You just have a homemade desktop light with cool effects they charge for 30 dollars.

About Troubleshooting and common mistakes:

If your ESP32's red light turns off and connection gets cut off, disconnect the ESP² INMEDATELY, you are gonna short the ESP32 and Neopixel, try not to connect solders together, and try to give a better look about the ports.
